A MATCH MADE BY GOD
Just a minute, I'll be back.
Yesterday, I saw her for the first time,
and fell in love instantly.
Hey, Taani!
Taani, look, your trousseau is here!
Nobody sees my trousseau before I do!
Wait!
Taani, my child, what about
the henna application?
Dad, today is my wedding day.
No time tables, please.
And if you're such a rush,
you get henna applied on your hands.
She's unbelievable.
Did you see that, Surinder?
I have disciplined many kids in my life,
but I couldn't discipline my own child.
The princess has even chosen
her own Prince Charming.
It's a love marriage.
It's fashionable these days.
Taani, come here for a second.
Guess who this is.
This is Surinder,
my most favorite student.
Remember? I used to tell you about him.
Yes.
You have no idea, mister,
how much I've had to go through
because of you!
Because of me?
Yes. Throughout school and college,
I've only heard one thing.
Why don't you get marks like Surinder?
Learn how to respect elders like Surinder.
Surinder did this, Surinder did that.
And he even wanted to get us married.
No, no.
What no, no? I am telling you.
He told me very seriously
that only a very fortunate girl
can get a guy like Surinder.
You don't know, but he loves you
more than he loves me.
Are you going to stop talking or what?
-Taani, come here.
-I am coming.
Yes, it's true, I fell in love with her
the moment I saw her.
Her beautiful face, her joyous dance,
her unhesitant laughter,
I thought I was seeing a girl
for the first time.
It was a strange feeling.
I was happy and in pain
at the same time.
What happened?
The bus carrying the groom
and his family has met with an accident.
They're saying nobody survived.
Please come, everyone.
Get a car fast!
It was a massive heart attack.
We have done our best.
The rest is in God's hands.
Who is Surinder?
Look, son, I have pampered Taani a lot.
She is a child.
Very fragile.
She'll break under these circumstances.
If you think it's right,
then please marry Taani.
With you by her side, I can die in peace.
I don't have a lot of time, son.
If you say yes, I'll speak to Taani.
I know this is not the right time
to talk to you about this.
But what do I do?
God has designed it to be this way.
I have never forced you for anything.
And I won't force you today either.
But, before I leave,
I'll give you a bit of advice.
In life, we choose some relationships
and some relationships God chooses for us.
Just assume that God has chosen
Surinder for you.
The rest is up to you.
But if I leave you alone like this,
I won't die peacefully, sweet one.
I won't be able to rest in peace.
I won't ever rest in peace.
I'll do whatever you say, father.
Bless you my child, bless you.
Long life and happiness, my children.
I will always sleep
in the attic upstairs.
This room and cupboard
is all yours.
And if you need anything,
please let me know.
There was a delay in the meter delivery.
It has arrived now.
I have checked the inventory myself.
Yes, within 48 hours.
Thank you.
Punjab Power at your service.
Lighting up your life.
So, Surinder!
What is this I'm hearing?
Nothing.
So Suri, you didn't come
to office for two days.
Is everything all right, my friend?
Yes! Everything is fine.
Then why didn't you come to office?
Actually, I had to attend
someone's wedding.
Someone's wedding or your own?
No, nothing like that.
Do you think you can hide it from us?
You turned out to be so covert!
You kept such a big secret from us.
Listen to me.
So, when do we get to meet your wife?
Come on, not like this.
Surinder is our dear buddy,
he will throw us a party.
There's a party at Surinder's
tonight at 8!
Come on, not like this.
No, Khanna, not today, not today.
Surinder, open the door!
Why are you hiding inside?
Are you ashamed to see Bobby Khosla
in the eye?
I say, open the door.
I don't want see you either.
I just came by to tell you
that we're no longer friends!
I don't need a friend like you.
The one person who did everything
together with you
hears about your wedding
from neighbors.
Is this the value of Bobby Khosla
in your life?
What a shame!
Look, I know everything.
I know you are inside,
you left office an hour back.
I know everything, Suri.
Bobby?
Hey, Bobby.
Bobby is dead to you!
How can Bobby die
when Suri is still alive?
Come in, I'll explain everything.
So, where is she?
Downstairs, in my room.
And you sleep here?
Yes.
And now what?
Whatever God decides.
Here come the caretakers
of Punjab Power.
Always late to work but always on time
for free food and booze.
You entertain them for a bit.
I'll check on Taani.
Don't worry, it will all be okay.
What's the rush?
Is your mother dead? Punks!
Some friends from office have come home.
They found out about the wedding
and invited themselves over.
I tried my best to dissuade them.
I just have a small request.
Could you come out and meet them
for two minutes?
You don't worry about it.
I'll tell them you're unwell.
I'll manage.
Hey, Sahni! Where is your wife?
We are all so eager to meet her.
He won't let us meet her so early.
He must be hiding her somewhere.
She is not feeling too well.
It was a long journey.
Let me go get her.
Mrs. Surinder!
Hey, Chaddha!
You have still not had a drink with me.
Okay, then, let's have a drink
and then go get Suri's wife.
Okay, Surinder , we'll take your leave.
We'll meet your wife some other time.
Not a big deal.
No, she actually wanted to meet
all of you.
I wanted to talk to you.
Could you step outside for a minute?
Yes.
I'm sorry for the way
I behaved today.
I married you willingly.
I have no right
to take my frustration out on you.
I promise to be a good wife.
Just be a bit patient with me.
The thing is,
I have to kill the old Taani
and become a new one.
That might take some time.
There's one more thing.
I will never be able to
fall in love with you.
There is no love left
to give anyone.
I don't know
if it's possible for you
to be in a loveless marriage.
If it's not, then I don't want to
be a burden.
I don't know what love is, Taani.
I wasn't lucky enough
to fall in love with a woman.
Actually, I don't even know
any women.
Falling in love with a woman
is unimaginable.
Today, the way you kept my dignity
in front of my friends,
that is love for me.
I'm not used to any more love than this.
I don't need it either.
You are very lucky that
you have never been in love.
There is nothing more painful
than love.
Okay, then.
Now I understand why I've been in pain
for the past two days.
I fell in love the first time I saw you.
Soft, sweet, slow
Soft, sweet, slow, the winds blow
Soft, sweet, slow, the healing glow
Soft, sweet, slow
They bless us
Is the rise of the moon
Soft, sweet, slow
Lift the veil maroon
We get high and we swoon
Take it slow now, let it sink
Take a breath
Step back from the brink
Toss your cares away
With a wink
'Cause life goes by
In a blink
Soft, sweet, slow
Love will flow
Raj.
You must have heard of me.
The streets of love lie hassled
Tied up in shy coy tassels
They fight a war with themselves
This heart's uncertain in every beat
It shies away in coy retreat
It says something
Does something else
This mischievous heart
Is a riddle, surprise
Rushes into love
And pays the price
Slow down, love
Let it sink
Take a breath
Step back from the brink
Toss your cares away
With a wink
'Cause life goes by
In a blink
Love will flow now
Soft, sweet, slow
God must have his own God too
Who will work His magic ways on you
And you will see in me
What I see in you
In the name of God, let's go
Beyond horizons, let's go
Carry me away, let's go
Remember the words
Of the prophet's poem
In the river of fire
You sink to swim
Slow down, love
Let it sink
Take a breath
Step back from the brink
Toss your cares away
With a wink
'Cause life goes by
In a blink
Love will flow now
Soft, sweet, slow
They bless us so
I'll take that.
What is this?
These people are teaching dance here.
They're a famous company from Bombay.
I have always been fond of dancing
and I get bored at home all day.
If you're not okay with it,
I won't do it.
Bobby, my friend.
Yes, Suri, my friend.
If I tell you something,
will you tell anyone?
Never, my friend.
I have fallen in love.
Congratulations,
celebrations, fireworks!
But, with whom?
My wife, Taani.
Congratulations, celebrations, fireworks!
Cheers! Now that's more like it.
But she's not in love with me.
How dare she? She's your wife.
Two slaps and she'll be all right.
How dare you?
You want to slap my wife?
No, I want you to slap her.
The day I raise my hand on her,
cut it off with one of your scissors.
You love her so much?
But she says she'll never fall in love
with me.
She wants to change herself.
She says she'll kill the old Taani
and become a new one.
But I'm in love with the old Taani.
I want her to remain the same.
The bubbly, happy-go-lucky Taani.
The one I fell in love with
the moment I set eyes on her.
I don't want her to change.
I want her to fall in love with me.
Make her fall in love with me, my friend.
Do something that makes me
the hero of her life.
Like the ones she sees in movies
and lights up.
I wish she could see me the same way
and come into my arms.
Work your magic, Bobby.
Make my love story, my friend.
Bobby, make my love story.
Balwinder a.k.a. Bobby Khosla
was destined for this job
only to see this day, Suri.
You just wait and watch
how I orchestrate your love story.
Bobby, will she really
not be able to recognize me?
Suri, my friend,
if she does, I will close this salon
and go back to my village.
That would be fantastic.
The thing is,
Taani has joined dance class.
I'm dying to see her dancing.
I'll go there first,
quietly watch her dancing
to my heart's content,
then I'll go home
and surprise her.
Hey, what are you doing?
I don't want to shave my mustache.
Relax, I am not shaving it,
just trimming it.
Girls don't like
thick mustaches nowadays.
Be careful!
You idiot!
-What is this?
-It will be back in a minute.
-Let me check.
-Where are you going?
-I'm so tensed!
-But why?
Will Taani like this new Suri?
She will come dancing into your arms
and will softly whisper in your ears...
What?
Suri.
-Yes.
-I love you.
How much?
We, the people from Mumbai,
never knew
that people in Amritsar
could dance so well.
You must have noticed that we have
divided you all into two groups.
Group Green and Group Red.
Now, one person from Group Red
will be paired with
one person from Group Green.
Because after all, the real fun
of dancing lies in partner dancing.
Okay, people of Amritsar,
find your partner!
What is this madness?
I'm sorry.
There has been a misunderstanding.
I can't dance for nuts.
Please listen to me.
I have never danced before.
Don't do this.
No, Surinder.
No running away now.
You have to become Taani's hero!
You are not "Suri, I work
For Punjab Power" anymore.
You are not Taani's hero.
You sing songs,
you dance,
you save the girl,
you kill the bad guys.
And I am your hero.
What?
I mean...
You must have heard of me.
No, I haven't.
Don't worry. You will
keep hearing it from now on.
All right, then, I'll see you tomorrow.
No, I mean,
Never say good bye.
Always say,
we are traveling the love lane,
we will meet again along the way.
Okay.
Raj, we are traveling the love lane,
we will meet again along the way.
We are traveling the love lane,
I just don't get it.
You said you'll watch Taani dance
and then go home and surprise her.
And now you are making me
make this fake mustache?
You fool.
I have gotten the opportunity to dance
with Taani everyday,
and you want me to let it go?
What do you think?
When Taani finds out
that I am her partner,
do you think she'll dance with someone
as lame as me?
Never.
And even if she did,
she wouldn't be
the same Taani I saw today.
-Understood?
-What are you trying to say?
You just don't get it.
Suri reminds Taani of her tragedy,
her sadness.
She can never be the old Taani
around Suri.
By pretending to be Raj,
I have the chance
to spend some time with her.
Tell me something.
Amongst all those people,
why did I get to be
Taani's dance partner?
How do I know?
I'll tell you.
It was God's will.
If he wanted, she could have
easily recognized me in a second.
But He didn't do that,
do you know why?
Why?
Listen to what God is saying.
God is saying,
"Suri, look,
I've set things in motion.
Dance with Taani
to your heart's content,
get to know her better,
make her laugh,
give her heaps of happiness,
so that she forgets all her pain
and becomes your fun-loving Taani forever.
Become Raj
and express your feelings to her.
Tell her everything Suri cannot tell her.
Now go live your love story."
You got me all emotional again.
Here is your mustache,
and Suri is back.
I am sorry I got late,
I'll just change and come.
-Give me your lunch box.
-All right.
What is the matter?
Nothing. I seem to have sprained
my neck.
I'll come. Please re-heat the food.
Taani, I'll be late every night.
I am working overtime
at the office this month.
You'll be busy with dance class
in the evenings,
so I thought it best
to take on some more work.
Okay.
We are traveling the love lane,
we will meet again along the way.
She's my sister, dude.
You must have heard of me, right?
The thing is there was
no other color left in the store.
These mama's boys bought them all.
But even if there were any other color,
I would have picked this one.
Yellow has become my favorite color
since yesterday,
because I saw you
for the first time yesterday
and you were in yellow too.
Listen, Mr. Raj!
I do not appreciate such talk.
Please stop trying to flirt with me.
But where am I flirting?
It would be flirting
if I told you that
I have never seen a girl
more beautiful than you.
And when you were dancing,
your hair was swinging left and right
and took my heart away.
But I didn't say anything like that.
Sorry, Mr. Raj, but I wont be able
to dance with you.
No, I am sorry, I apologize.
See, the thing is
I am a loud-mouthed rowdy.
I don't know how to converse
with decent women
and you are very simple.
So, I will never talk around you.
I'll be absolutely quiet.
I promise.
Sorry, wrong finger.
One chance, just one chance.
Okay, then.
Taani partner, you didn't say anything,
but this dress is sexy, no?
My outfit is quite cool.
-Raj, come here.
-Coming, coming.
Punjab's number one bike
and number one dude at your service.
No, it's all right. I'll manage.
Don't think so much.
It's raining, you'll get wet.
Come on, I'll drop you home.
Sit down, please.
Why are you saying thank you?
I should thank you.
All right then, ready steady go.
Damn, my hair will get messed up.
They say whatever you wish for
while getting wet in the first rain
is surely granted.
-Really?
-Of course!
Superb! So, what did you ask for?
It was granted
as soon as I asked for it.
That the world's most beautiful girl
should sit on my pillion.
Raj, you are flirting with me again.
Stop the bike, I'll go on my own.
Okay, I am sorry, I apologize,
never again.
So, Taani partner, what did you wish for
in this first rain?
Nothing.
Taani partner, I am sure
your heart wants something.
No, my heart does not want anything.
How is that possible, Taani partner?
Everyone's heart wants something.
You seem to know everything,
so why don't you tell me
what my heart wants?
Should I?
Yeah.
Your heart wants to stop hurting.
Caught you now, didn't I?
Now you are not saying anything?
Say something, yes or no?
Taani partner, close your eyes
and let every raindrop reach your heart.
What are you doing, Raj?
Who will watch the road?
You are watching it, right?
Please look straight and drive properly.
Okay. Here we go.
This is it. Please stop here.
Okay then, your stop has come.
Okay, thank you, bye!
Right! We'll meet again.
We are traveling the love lane,
down the road, we will meet again. Happy?
We are traveling the love lane.
Have you ever tasted the first raindrops?
They taste heavenly.
Taani partner, close your eyes
and let every raindrop reach your heart.
I am sorry. I had some trouble
with the car and got late.
Taani, can you please close the windows?
The floor will get spoilt
because of the rainwater.
All right.
This is milk with turmeric.
It's good for your cold.
Thank you.
Raj, what on earth are you doing?
Chill, I am all right.
Hey why are you sticking your finger
in my nose?
Would you like it if I stick my finger
in your nose?
At least not my nose.
I have got it now.
Where are you going?
Raj, leave me.
Why are you going into my armpits now?
What the hell are you doing?
Please don't get over familiar with me.
Do what they are teaching.
Look how well the other girls
are dancing, come, come.
Give me your hand.
Take my hand, take my nose,
take whatever you want.
Do you know this one?
Ringaa Ringaa Roses?
What the hell is your problem?
They do this in villages,
during festivals.
I don't want to do it!
Listen up, everyone, from Monday,
we will start the dance competition.
Every couple will get points each week,
and then, the top ten couples
will compete in the finals.
Whoever wins will be proclaimed
the best dancing pair in Amritsar.
This Madonna madam is 100% correct.
I have a strong feeling from within,
Taani partner,
that we will be the winning pair.
What do you think?
We'll come last, not first.
It isn't raining today,
I can go on my own. Thank you.
No, that's not why I am here.
Taani partner, I think you should
change your dance partner.
See, I know that my dancing
is even worse than my talking,
but you are amazing.
You will surely come first.
But if I am your partner,
you will certainly lose
and I really won't like
to see that happen.
Okay?
So then, it's sure that from Monday,
you'll find a new partner.
All right, then.
We are traveling the love lane,
down the road, we will meet again.
Here, buddy, you can end Raj's story.
Just think again, Suri.
I have thought about it enough.
I can't see Taani upset.
She was so disappointed
when she heard about the competition
and looked at me.
How long was this going to last anyway?
So, it's best we end this here.
Anyway, I am happy with this much.
Moreover, this damn Raj
wears really tight clothes.
It hurts a lot
in the front and the back.
Hey buddy,
I have to take Taani out for a film.
I am late. I'll leave now.
I'll see you later.
All right then, Raj buddy,
your role ends here.
I could not be yours
in this lifetime, Rahul.
But I promise that I'll be yours
in all the others.
I'll wait for you in all my lives to come.
Taani partner.
Getting bored, right?
Modern love stories
have lost their charm.
I have learnt about love
from the Gods of love.
So, I'll show you love and romance,
Hindi movie style.
I'm in love, I feel so high
Here's where I live
And here I'll die
Away from your arms, your streets
I wouldn't know where to fly
My heart's a tramp
With two left feet
Now tell me
Are we to ever meet?
In every life
We change our form
On dream's curtains are we reborn
We are traveling the love lane
Down the road we'll meet again
Bees buzz inside my heart
When I smell the flower of love
Come on, love
Now sing your part
My heart flutters like a dove
Opposite your house
I'll build one smaller
Even though it won't do
Someone love me just for a moment
even if it's untrue
Even if it's untrue
In every life
We change our form
On dream's curtains are we reborn
We are traveling the love lane
Down the road we'll meet again
Oh, pretty woman
With the lush long hair
To the world I'm Junglee
Without a care
Roam the night, you do,
Singing "Yahoo, yahoo!"
With stars wrapped around you
In every life
We change our form
On dream's curtains are we reborn
We are traveling the love lane
Down the road we'll meet again
Praise the lord Shiv Shankar
'Cause you just can't strike or junk Him
However hard you try
You're my soul-mate, it seems
The princess of my dreams
I think now I can fly
The world will talk, don't heed it
Pray I find peace, I need it
In every life
We change our form
On dream's curtains are we reborn
We are traveling the love lane
Down the road we'll meet again
Oh, this ache in my heart
I ache in every part
But I'll show the world still
Oh, this ache in my heart
I ache in every part
But I'll show the world still
I'm as good as the best
I want you to know
You have my vow
My love
In every life
We change our form
On dream's curtains are we reborn
We are traveling the love lane
Down the road we'll meet again
Taani, please sit down.
Need some water?
Actually, my partner, Raj,
hasn't come in today.
Do you have his number or address?
Yes, Raj Kapoor.
There's no number,
but the address is
Raju Motors, 21, Gol Maseed.
Raju Motors?
How much longer, Raju?
Almost done, buddy,
but tell me something,
why does Suri keep riding your bike?
I just sold him
a brand New Hyundai i10.
Long story. I'll tell you some other time.
Hurry up, please.
Almost done, buddy.
Raju sir, some lady is here
looking for Raj Kapoor.
Idiot, even my mother has been looking
for Raj Kapoor for years.
Listen. Ask her to sit
and tell her that Raj
is coming in some time.
Raj Kapoor, the actor is coming here?
I'll just call my mother...
Not Raj Kapoor, the actor,
Suri is the Raj she's looking for.
How did Suri become Raj Kapoor?
What is going on?
Like I said, long story.
I'll tell you later. Now, hide the bike.
Buddy, there is something important
you have to do.
Hey Suri, I am calling from Raju's garage.
Your wife is here looking for Raj.
Taani has reached there?
Now what do I do?
I told you
that I have ended the Raj episode
so she can come first
in the competition.
I know that,
but you seem to have forgotten
that now this story is being written
by God, not you.
And how and when Raj's episode will end,
is upto Him, not you.
You just get here fast.
I have made her wait here.
Buddy, I am coming right away.
But, where are my clothes?
In my cupboard.
All right, I'll be there in ten minutes.
Here you go.
So, Taani partner, did my boys
take care of you properly?
Absolutely. Lovely hospitality.
They learnt from the best.
Now, come on.
What are you looking at?
Enough of your singing,
I am not paying you
to idle away your time.
Go do some work, come on.
Have to keep them under control.
Did they serve you biscuits?
I am sorry.
Trying to impress the girl
with your English?
Come on, you oaf, get to work now.
Why didn't you come
to dance school today?
The thing is I have I stopped dancing.
It is quite boring
and not something
dudes like me can do.
You don't want to dance with me
so I don't end up losing. Right?
No, nothing like that.
Neither am I going to leave my partner,
nor am I going to lose.
You know, earlier I thought
you were a cheap thug.
But now I have realized that
under all this, you're a good hearted guy.
If you can worry about me losing,
can't I worry about your dance?
Now that we are partners,
we will remain partners till the end.
And anyway if you promise
to work hard and practice,
I also promise you
that we will definitely win.
Taani partner, I had told you
that you'd miss me.
Looks like Raj's magic has worked on you.
You have started again, Raj?
Please promise me one more thing.
You will never flirt with me again.
No way, I can promise to do
extra practice, to work harder,
but I can't promise to stop flirting.
You see this flirting
comes naturally to me,
I cannot control it.
It's God's gift.
Raj, we are friends from today
and you will behave like one.
Okay then, we'll meet
tomorrow at dance class.
Taani partner,
you are forgetting something.
We are traveling the love lane,
down the road, we will meet again.
Man, I'll die of happiness.
It's a match made in heaven
You may agree or not with thing
But it's in the song
The minstrel sings
It's a match made in heaven
Bobby, are you sleeping?
Here, hold this.
Come on, buddy,
we were having such great fun.
Where are my pants now and when...
There you are.
Suri buddy, did you see Raj's style?
Taani partner couldn't resist coming here.
Did you hear what she said?
From today, we are friends.
And you have seen enough Hindi films
to know that a girl and a guy
can never be friends.
After friendship,
comes love and romance.
So now, I will hold Taani's hand
and while I dance and romance her,
you can happily hold onto
your lunch box.
Why are you standing
like a villain between us?
You married her and spoilt her life.
She's like Miss World
and you are Suri
"I work for Punjab Power."
Listen, buddy,
before she runs away with me,
and you are left in shock,
you should step aside.
So that this lover boy
can take his bride away gloriously
into the sunset
and the audience bursts
into a thunderous applause at the end.
Hey, why are you so quiet?
All right, take your time,
think it over,
we'll talk tomorrow.
Did you think about it?
I will tell you what you are thinking.
You are worried that Taani
will completely forget Suri.
What if she never falls in love with Suri?
What if in the end,
Suri is the one left saying
"We are traveling the love lane,
"down the road, we will meet again."
Put your left leg in
And your right leg out
Come on, baby, let's start
Turn your head around
Swing your legs up and down
That's all it takes, let's start
Hey dude, check it out
Sing, dance, twist and shout
Take my hand and hit the floor now
Take a chance on this dance
Oh my beloved
Now flick your hand to the tune
Like a clock hand
From seven to noon
You've got yourself a step
A step that's made you hep
Now swing your hip without a care
Like a figure of eight in the air
You've got yourself a step
A step that's made you hep
Hey dude, check it out
Sing, dance, twist and shout
Take my hand and hit the floor now
Take a chance on this dance
Oh my beloved
Throw a hand up, shake it well
Like you're ringing a temple bell
You've got yourself a step
A step that's made you hep
Shake the other hand below
Like you'd tug a kite
To make it soar
You've got yourself a step
A step that's made you hep
Hey dude, check it out
Sing, dance, twist and shout
Take my hand and hit the floor now
On this dance, on this dance
Take a chance on this dance
Oh my beloved
You both have been selected
to compete in the finals!
What will you have?
Gol guppa.
How many?
Sweetheart,
you just keep bringing them,
today there's no limit.
Very well then.
What's so good, huh?
What do you mean by no limit?
Raj partner, gol guppa competition.
Competition in this too?
Then, tell me.
What prize does the winner get?
The winner can get the loser
to do anything once.
-Anything?
-Absolutely.
And the loser can't refuse.
In that case, Taani partner,
you have lost,
because Raj will eat
all the gol guppas in Amritsar,
but won't lose.
Bring on the gol guppas!
Bring it on.
Taani partner, if you are tired,
feel free to give up.
Congratulate me?
I have been selected to compete
in the finals.
I have made biryani today.
Let me heat it up
while you freshen up.
Biryani?
You don't like it?
Of course I like it, I love it!
I'll be right back.
Your plate?
I am full. I actually ate
a lot of snacks on the way.
Raj and I went out to celebrate.
Raj? Who is Raj?
I totally forgot to tell you.
Raj is my dance partner.
This dance competition is in pairs.
Each person is given a partner.
He has his own garage,
Raju Garage.
He is a very funny guy.
Always makes me laugh!
You didn't like the biryani?
Brilliant!
Suri buddy,
Taani was right.
This love is a very painful thing.
There's pain in disguising oneself,
pain in dancing,
and now pain even in eating.
This love will surely
kill you one day, Suri!
Are you hurt?
Keep quiet,
I know people like you.
You hit intentionally
and then say sorry
so that the best of the competition
goes out right at the beginning.
Hey you, Miss Wannabe!
If you say 'bitch' once more,
you won't know what hit you.
Taani partner,
you just ignore this fool.
Raj is here, so why fear?
I'll talk to her!
-Talk!
-What?
Talk to me!
To hell with the talk,
I'll just say sorry
on my partner's behalf
and you say sorry
on your partner's behalf.
-Make me say it!
-What?
Tiny! See what happened to my leg.
Tiny?
My name is Tiny Singh.
You have a problem?
No. Size doesn't matter.
Men should be tough like you.
My own pet name is "Little."
Chicken Little.
Let's just put this behind us.
I'll say sorry on everyone's behalf.
Wanna hug? Okay, no hug.
Let's get out of here.
What did she say?
"Itch," she said "itch."
And man, your biceps are glowing
in this light, I must say.
Where did you get this tattoo?
-Leave it, man!
-Left it, left it.
Who am I to catch you anyway?
Bloody bitch!
I should have given her one tight slap
and she'd be dancing all her life.
Taani partner, can I say something?
Abusing doesn't suit you.
When did I abuse?
You just said b for bitch.
I know C, D, F as well.
Wanna hear?
No, no thank you.
This is enough for today.
I had no idea--
Move it.
What are you doing?
They've gone. Let it go.
Son of a gun, take it easy, man.
There they are.
No, that's a different couple.
Dolly, bitch.
I'll show you now.
What is happening?
Taani!
Raj, get off.
Please come.
Let's hang together.
You turned out pretty smart.
I'm ready, Taani partner,
but what's the plan?
Tiny, I suggest you mess with people
your own size next time.
And Dolly, dance now!
Hell with Tiny!
Taani partner, you are Dhoom 3.
My best friend's brother
had a bike,
and we used to steal
and ride it every night.
Great!
I have three years of practice.
Any more surprises, Taani partner?
You won't fly away
like Superman, right?
I have only been waiting and watching.
So your wife was riding the bike?
Yes.
That too at the speed of 120?
And what were you doing?
I was sitting behind her.
What were you doing behind her?
I had to hold the handbag, right?
Man! A lady is riding the bike,
and you are sitting behind
holding a ladies' handbag.
You have spoilt
the whole macho image.
Sorry, Bobby,
which part of the bike is macho.
Is it very expensive?
Man it's not a bike part,
it's a man's part.
You, come with me.
Why do men ride bikes?
To look macho.
Why do they wear jeans?
But who is this macho?
Macho means manhood.
They show in films, right,
that if heroines don't listen,
the heroes just pick them up
and take them.
That is macho.
Our action king Dharmendra is macho.
Our Stallone Rambo is macho.
And you are sitting behind
holding a bag,
you destroyed everything macho.
But now how can I rectify this macho?
To start with,
never sit on the backseat,
whether it is the bike
or your house.
The handle must always be
in your hands,
otherwise your wife
will never respect you.
And when you walk,
you must swell your chest
high like this.
Hey, Bobby.
What , macho man?
Girls are tying rakhi all around here.
Every girl is making her partner
her brother.
What if Taani gets into the mood
to do the same?
Do one thing.
Go hide in the bathroom.
That's exactly where I am.
Even I have that much intelligence.
But now what do I do?
Do anything but just don't come out.
You can die
but you cannot let her tie the rakhi.
Okay, best of luck, buddy!
Raj!
Raj, are you inside?
Yes, I am here.
My stomach doesn't feel good.
So I won't be able to dance.
I have diarrhea, I am afraid.
Oh okay,
so then, we'll shop
for costumes today.
Anyway, nobody seems to be interested
in dancing here
Is it irritating you?
In that case, I'll just be out.
The festival of Rakhi
has been made into a joke in this country.
Wherever you go,
everyone is tying Rakhi.
Just so that people
don't make any wrong notions
about a boy and girl relationship.
Can't a boy and girl just be friends,
can't they be professional partners?
10 on 10 correct, Taani partner.
But actually, it's the girls
who are responsible for this charade.
Given a choice,
no boy would ever make
a girl his sister.
Now look at Tiny and Dolly itself.
Till yesterday, we thought
that they were girlfriend
and boyfriend, right?
But just today Dolly tied a huge rakhi
on Tiny's hand.
Poor chap, he was crying. Boohoo.
What do the poor guys do?
These girls don't even say
what they really want.
No girl wants a bodyguard
in the name of a boyfriend,
who does nothing but goes around
showing his muscles like some macho.
Here. Try these.
What, no macho?
But Bobby--
Raj.
-Yes, am here.
-Come on, let's go.
I am confused.
Why? Is the size not right?
No, no not in the clothes.
There is some confusion
in my mind and heart.
What confusion?
Taani partner, tell me one thing
what does a girl really want?
You've asked
a very difficult question.
The answer to what a girl wants
can be understood only by a girl.
I have to become a girl now?
The answer is very simple
but by the time a guy understands it,
both of them turn old.
No, Taani partner,
please explain it to me
in a shorter way.
I don't want to turn old alone.
The only thing a girl desires
is that someone loves her
like no one has ever
been loved before.
There is nothing else
a girl wants from life.
So now you understand?
If Dolly thought
Tiny loved her like this,
she would have
never tied him a rakhi.
Come on now, let's go.
Suri loves you even more
than you can imagine, Taani.
But you are just
not being able to see it.
Never mind,
now Raj will show Suri's love to you.
Taani partner, tomorrow is my birthday.
-Wow.
-Thank you.
I wanted to spend the whole day with you,
what say.
Full day? I don't think--
So today I am asking you for my prize
and you can't say no.
And anyway, Taani partner,
every year,
I spend this day alone.
So I thought let's do something different
this year.
But I don't--
Now don't tell me
you will have to tie a rakhi on my hand
to spend the day with me.
All right, Raj partner,
tomorrow, the whole day is yours.
Way to go!
I will pick you at 9 am tomorrow,
Amritsar time.
We are traveling the love lane,
down the road, we will meet again.
You are my heaven
My final tryst
You are my prayer
My soul's bliss
You are the calm that I seek
You are in every heart beat
I know nothing else
Now except
I see my God in you
I don't know what to do
I can't help but bow before you
I see my God in you
I don't know what to do
So far apart somehow
I'm helpless now
But I touch you with my gaze
Your scent
Your words
I'm in paradise in a daze
You're the light inside my heart
You're the treasure I'd never part
I know nothing else
Now except
I see my God in you
I don't know what to do
I can't help but bow before you
I see my God in you
I don't know what to do
It's a match
Made by God
With anklets that ring
Leave me longing
Your shadow teases with its touch
When you go by
Smiling so shy
Even my God can't take so much
You are that shine
My light divine
I know nothing else
Now except
I see my God in you
I don't know what to do
I can't help but bow before you
I see my God in you
I don't know what to do
It's a match
Made by God
Hey Khanna, ready, steady go...
This.
What is this, Raj?
It's love, Taani partner,
swear to God, it's true love.
See, I am a rough tough guy.
Had I gone to express my love
through words,
something stupid
would have come out.
So I thought let me get the whole
of Amritsar to express my love,
Did you not like it?
Like it!
Every girl dreams that someone
loves her this madly.
But this kind of madness
no girl can even dream of.
I really liked it, Raj,
but at the same time,
I am feeling sad.
I have made a huge mistake.
I should have told you
that I am a married girl, Raj.
I know everything,
his name is Surinder Sahni
and he works for Punjab Power
and you reside at B-52 Hussain Pura.
I know everything.
But I did not do all this
with any wrong expectations,
no, absolutely not.
I just wanted you to know
how special you are to me.
And you don't worry,
nothing has changed between us
we were friends
and we will remain friends
the only difference
is that you are married
and I will get married
somehow someday.
Nothing has changed,
everything is the same.
No, Raj,
everything has changed.
When a girl begins to dream
with open eyes,
then her whole world changes.
Nothing remains the same after that.
Please leave, Raj.
I want to be here alone for sometime.
Please.
Suri, I think it's enough now.
Now put an end to this double role
and tell her the truth.
No, buddy, not now.
But why not?
Because I want to know
whether she loves Raj or Suri.
Come on, buddy!
They are both the same.
Whoever she loves,
she'll be loving you only.
But she does not know
they are the same, right?
For her, there is a lot of difference
between them.
Suri is her husband
and Raj is nobody.
In that case,
there is another difference.
Raj expresses his love for her,
loud and clear.
And Suri,
keeps his love shut
in his lunch box.
Buddy, nobody here is God,
all of us are human
and humans are hungry for love.
We get pulled wherever we find love.
You are being unfair
to your wife, Suri.
On one hand, as Raj,
you are showing her heaven
and on the other hand, as Suri,
you show her your grandfather's cottage.
Buddy, show her Suri's love
and then see she'll never even look
at another Raj.
Bobby, my friend,
to make Taani laugh,
to keep her happy,
Suri can do comedy,
Suri can dance,
Suri can change himself completely
and become Raj.
But to win her love,
Suri won't change.
She will have to love this "Suri,
I work for Punjab Power" for who he is.
And she will have to understand
Suri's love soft, sweet, slow.
Otherwise, we are
traveling the love lane,
down the road,
we will meet again.
Oh God!
Why are you adding spice
to his sugar sweet love story?
So, how is your dance practice going?
And how is your partner,
what was his name?
So, is this Mr. Raj married?
No, he isn't.
I have got two passes for a trade fair
from the company.
Tomorrow is Sunday,
would you like to go?
Yes.
Hi, hello, hope you're fine.
This game here will blow your mind.
If you're not here, it's your loss.
And to all who are here,
at this Japan fun fair.
Welcome.
We have for you, imported specially
from Japan, Mr. Sumo!
If you can last ten minutes in the ring,
you will win two return tickets to Japan.
So I ask you,
where is the son of this soil,
who can make this warrior toil?
Come on, my hero.
Smash him down to zero.
If there's someone here
who had a love in Japan
tripped up, lost out,
failed in his plan,
here's your chance
to make her smile.
Win two return tickets,
go the extra mile.
Is there a braveheart here
who can blow this monster
to little bits?
So we have here,
an Amritsar hound
who'll bring this sumo wrestler
down to the ground.
Your name, please?
Surinder Sahni.
Dear brothers and sisters...
put your hands together
for Mr. Surinder Sahni.
Buddy, are you sure?
Yes.
Then why delay further?
Just walk this way.
Sir, you said you were sure,
so fight now.
This is wrong, Sir.
Let go.
The line is out.
It's a miracle.
Mr. Sumo's been flung to the ground.
It's a resounding victory
for Punjab in this round.
And Mr. Surinder Sahni
has won himself
two round trip tickets to Japan
from Amadeus, your technology partner,
absolutely free!
What was this drama?
What was the need
for you to do this?
Aren't you aware that
you are an average working class man,
who everyday puts on his glasses,
sits in a 4 by 4 cubicle
and works in front of a computer.
You are not a hero
to go and fight with someone
four times your size.
What were you trying to prove?
Please tell me what was
the need to do all this?
You were very quiet at the fair.
Only at the Japan stall,
you showed some interest.
I knew with my salary,
you'd never be able to see Japan.
I thought that if I could win,
you'd be able to see Japan
and feel happy.
Please stop worrying
about my happiness.
I am happy,
but I can't keep laughing
all the time.
If I am quiet,
it doesn't mean I'm not happy
and if I want something,
I will ask you for it.
You have already done enough for me.
Please don't do so much
that I am never able
to pay you back all my life.
Please,
don't do anything more for me.
I was not doing you a favor, Taani,
I was just loving you.
And love can never be paid back.
Hey Suri, look who is here.
Just look now!
That day's dinner was just amazing.
The tandoori chicken you made
was out of this world.
Okay, let's get back to work, good day.
You forgot this.
Actually--
I wanted to say--
There is a new film playing at Rialto,
would you like to see it?
All right, I'll be ready.
Taani partner, I had told you
that you'd miss me.
Looks like Raj's magic
has worked on you.
It's love, Taani partner,
swear to God, it's true love.
Taani partner, close your eyes and
let every raindrop reach your heart
There's nobody inside.
Hello Suri, your wife is here.
She is asking for Raj.
I am coming.
I thought you have
forgotten your partner,
the lights and the I love
you must have scared you a bit?
Forget it all
and drink Punjab's number one tea.
How can you be so happy?
How can you love me
without expecting love in return?
Don't you feel pain in love?
Pain?
Love is God's gift,
so how can there be pain in love?
Regarding expecting love in return,
one doesn't love
only if the love is reciprocated.
Look, I see God in you,
so I fell in love with you.
You saw God in someone else,
so you fell in love with him.
It's that simple.
Now you should not worry
about all this,
you just drink this hot tea.
My life is not that simple, Raj.
I don't see God in anyone.
I had shut all my doors to love.
And then you come along,
laughing, making me laugh,
singing, dancing.
And declared I love you.
From you, I learnt
what true love is.
That there is no pain in true love.
You awakened love in me
once again,
the same love
that I had killed
within me long back.
Why did you come
into my life, Raj?
What do I do now?
I am a married girl.
So now why don't you answer
a very simple question?
What do I do now?
Run away with me.
If you are not happy with him,
if you don't love him,
then come along with me.
God does not give all of us
equal happiness.
Some of us
have to snatch our share
of happiness from Him.
You also snatch your share.
Run away with me.
Take me away, Raj,
take me away.
I have seen a lot of unhappiness
I can't handle the pain anymore.
I want to be happy,
I want to laugh,
I want to live,
I want to love again.
Take me away Raj,
I can't take it anymore please.
I promise, Taani partner,
that tomorrow,
the night of the competition,
will be our last night
in Amritsar.
I lost, buddy.
I had set out to make Taani happy,
to make my love story a success,
but it's become the end of me.
I just don't understand,
why are you not telling her
the truth now?
Try and understand, man,
when a married woman
especially someone like Taani,
is ready to run away
with someone else,
how unhappy she must be
in her marriage. Just think.
Taani does not love me,
she is not happy with me.
So isn't it my duty to set her free?
So that she can find
her Raj somewhere.
But no Raj will have Suri's heart
and Taani has fallen in love
with that heart, don't you get it?
No, buddy,
if she had fallen in love
with that heart,
she would have understood
what is in Suri's heart.
She would have recognized
Suri's love for her.
I have decided,
tomorrow after the competition,
... I will leave a letter and be gone.
I have put this house on her name
and have requested for a transfer
to the Delhi office.
You have gone mad,
you have gone mad totally.
I am telling her everything.
You have given me your word, Bobby.
You have sworn.
Remember you had stopped me once
by telling me
that this love story,
that this love story
is being written by God.
So now leave the end of this story
to God.
I come here to seek blessings
before every important event in my life.
Today is a big day for you,
so I wanted God to be with you.
God! Wherever
and with whomever Taani may be,
let her be happy
I don't want anything else from you.
He says that he sees God in me,
but I am nothing like you.
In what way do people see you?
Even I want to see you.
Please show me God too.
You asked no questions
You asked for nothing
You gave me all
straight from the heart
Didn't say one word
Or judge me
While you gave me all
With a smile
You're my sun, you're my shade
You're my own you'll never fade
I know nothing else
Now all I know is this
I see my God in you
I don't know what to do
I can't help but bow before you
I see my God in you
I don't know what to do
So this was couple no. 6.
The judges will now mark them.
Without any further delay,
straight from heaven,
here's couple no. 7.
Please welcome Dolly and Tiny.
I cannot come with you, Raj.
For some time,
your love had made me weak,
it had made me selfish.
I had forgotten
that he had held my hand
when I was all alone.
Now I can't leave his hand.
He is a little boring,
he doesn't speak much.
Looks very simple in his ways,
and is simple in his work
and lifestyle too.
In everything, he is just
a common ordinary man.
But I see God in him.
Yes, Raj,
I see God in him.
It's possible to leave a man
but how does one leave God?
Wherever I may run to,
God will be present.
And wherever there is God,
he will be there.
I can't leave my husband, Raj.
Please forgive me.
So, ladies and gentlemen,
that was your couple no. 9.
And now you all must be waiting
to know who is couple no. 10.
So now coming in front of you,
to show their scintillating performance,
is our last couple
of the competition.
Ladies and gentlemen
please welcome Miss Taani,
and Mr. Raj.
Wow, nowadays guys
seem to be more shy than girls
the girl is here but the boy isn't,
not a problem.
Let's just try again.
So ladies and gentlemen
please welcome Mr. Raj.
Maybe he is in the bathroom
doing last minute dance practice.
Let's try once again loudly.
So ladies and gentlemen,
please welcome--
My dance partner won't be coming.
Please disqualify us.
Are you sure?
Raj.
You must have heard of me.
Nothing, I have sprained my neck.
I'll be late every night.
I am doing overtime at office.
Your heart wants to stop hurting.
I am sorry I had some trouble
with the car so got late.
And how is your partner,
what was his name?
His name is Surinder Sahni
and he works for Punjab Power.
It's love, Taani partner,
swear to God, it's true love.
I see God in you,
so I fell in love with you.
You saw God in someone else,
so you fell in love with him.
If you are not happy with him,
if you don't love him,
then come along with me.
Lies.
No, Taani.
All lies.
No, no.
You lied to me,
that you don't know
what is love.
All lies.
How easily you turned
all my sadness into joy,
all my tears into laughter.
I did not give you
a single drop of love,
and you just kept showering
your love on me.
How can you love me so much?
It's very simple,
I see God in you.
When I pray to Him,
my heart feels solace.
And when I see you laugh,
I see you happy,
my heart feels even more solace.
Taani, if this is love,
then I love you even more than God.
What's this?
Please don't cry.
-Handkerchief?
-Oh, yes.
I think I forgot it at home.
Taani, I hope God won't be angry with me
that I love you more than him.
No, no.
Then that's the best that can happen.
The best.
So ladies and gentlemen,
this is Amritsar's dancing couple No. 1
Mr. Raj and Ms. Taani.
A new story begins from here.
Like they say,
"All is well that ends well."
After this, it was our honeymoon in Japan.
This is a famous park in Japan.
There's Taani, me
and a Buddha in this picture.
This is the back side of the same park.
This is quite famous, too.
This is one of Japan's famous bridges.
Like they say,
"When in Rome, do as Romans do."
So, Japanese hats, goggles
and even underwear!
Just the kiss is very Indian.
Taani, I tell you.
This is Japan's traditional attire.
They also do yoga and meditation
in this outfit,
just like us Indians.
Not sure why Taani is laughing here.
I don't think
I'm looking that funny.
I think I look fine.
Orange is my second most
favorite color.
You already know
how much I like yellow.
Taani is clinging to me here.
I'm a little shy about these things.
This is Mount Fujiyama.
Used to be an active volcano,
not anymore.
Here it was necessary to hug.
It was very cold.
This is a Japanese sign board
that probably says "Mount Fujiyama."
This sign board says "Shikotsu Lake."
I know this much English.
Taani is being very romantic here.
She became very comfortable
during our trip.
Just so the Japanese
don't stare too much at her short dress,
I sat down in front of her
to cover her legs.
Typical Indian men mentality.
I even visited a famous temple
with Taani.
All Gods are the same, right?
I felt very nice being there.
I'm feeling very shy,
but this was my first public kiss.
We had a lot of fun.
Got dressed and went around town.
We even danced on the streets,
now that I've learned to dance.
We ate, drank, danced,
sang, had lots of fun.
It was a lot of fun.
To tell you the truth, being with Taani
reminded me of my childhood.
Really.
This is Mickey Mouse's hat.
I'm sure you know Mickey.
We even went to snow capped mountains.
I won a snow fight 10-5.
Once, it was a close contest.
It is true,
I got to meet the old, happy,
bubbly Taani.
I became quite happy-go-lucky myself.
I missed Bobby a lot.
Bobby, this hug is for you.
You should have come along
for our honeymoon.
These are our private moments
in the hotel room.
Taani was being very naughty.
She wore my fake mustache
and started complaining
that everything else is fine
but my mustache is a problem.
I said, "Let me find out what it's like
to kiss someone with a mustache."
So, this is Amritsar's No. 1--
No, the world's No. 1 couple.